Users:
As a teenager looking to socialise, I would like to be able to easily access profiles so I can get a better understanding of who I'm communicating with.

As a user, I want a way to represent myself on the internet so that I can speak with strangers anonymously if needed.

As a 30 year old white collar worker, I want to be able to switch between identities or names, so I can speak with strangers and/or friends at a moments notice. 

As a teenager looking to socialise, I want a way to artistically represent myself so I am able to better convey what type of person I am.

Login:
As a single woman, I would like to be able to login safely so I can use slackr without worrying about strangers looking at my private messages.

As a busy school boy, I want to have an easy time remembering my login details so I wouldn't have to make the extra effort to remember it myself.

As a forgetful middle aged man, I would like to able to recover my password so I have a way to recover my account if I forget my password.


Messaging:
As a team member, I would like to be able to send and receive messages from my group for the purpose of discussion.

As the sender, peers should be able to like my message as an efficient way to express their opinion.

As a team member, I should be able to change my actions (edit, delete unpin or unreact) in case I make mistake.

As an announcer, I should be able to set a time at which to send a particular message so I do not run the risk of forgetting
to make an announcement.

As a moderator, I would like to delete messages so that I can clean inappropriate content from the discussion.

As a team member, I would like to be able to search for past messages so that I am able to retrieve information from past discussion.

A a moderator, I would like the ability to pin particular messages so that important information is made easy to find.

Standups:

As a project manager, I would like my team to perform standups so I can efficiently be brought up to date on what the team is up to
